# Lecture 21.01.2020

## Homework

### Working group session 2

1. Concise
    - What is the topic of the paper? -- Analyzing patterns in human speech in
    6 European languages, with 4h of material per language in different
    situations and 16000 hertz, 2 bit sampling
    - How many key messages does the paper have? -- Two
    - What are they? -- The energy distribution follows a power law and is very
    similar between languages; The interevent timings between languages (their
    histograms) also mostly follow a power law and converge for short timings
    - Are they relevant? -- the seem to be relevant for speech synthesis and
    understanding what speech and how it works, maybe shared human
    characteristics; there does not seem to be chaos at the root of human
    speech
2. Highlight and contextualize
    - Summary of key results in title and abstract? -- Yes, even though I would
    question the "universality" part of the title
    - Contextualize results in introduction? -- Yes, maybe a bit too much, they
    mention everything from earthquakes to stochastic noise and fractals
    - Introduction motivates importance? -- yes, many disciplines and
    unanswered questions
    - Reference to previous works? -- Yes, a ton of them
3. Coherent structure
    - Clarity of exposition? -- Could be better, it is all very brief and
    assumes a lot of prior knowledge, might be due to constraints for length
    for publishing
    - Reinforcement of key message? -- yes, but they introduce multiple new
    things in the Discussion to do so
    - Intro -- Statement -- Calculations, Simulations, Experiments --
    Discussion? -- Yes
4. Logic flow
    - Information is logically sequential? -- Yes, time intervals -> energy ->
    energy histograms -> energy release scaling -> interval scaling with
    inverses of previous data
    - Conclusions follow logically? -- Yes, they are drawn from data, but I'm
    not sure how badly they massaged the data because the used logarithmic
    binning which I don't know anything about
5. Simple
    - As simple as possible? -- Kind of, I don't know enough to really judge
    that, I would have left out some things, but I can't say if they were
    necessary
    - Excess notation? -- No
6. Readable
    - Use of appendix for non-essential technicalities? -- Yes, online datasets
    and stuff
    - Consistent notation? -- Yes, consistent and sparingly
    - Good use of figures? -- Yes, three figures that illustrate the data
    - Experiments, Simulations, Theories support key message(s)? -- 
