# Lecture 13.02.2020

## Homework -- Better Abstract

### Original ~66 words

Application of Additional Argument Method to Burgers type equation with an 
integral term on the right-hand side was considered. A scheme of the method 
for the Burgers type equation is constructed. The validness of the scheme 
construction using Computer Algebra System (CAS) Maple was proved. The 
capability of modern CAS to prove mathematical theorems was demonstrated. The 
graphical solution of the series sample equations was constructed.

### Rewrite ~65 words

This paper considers an application of the Additional Argument Method to the
Burgers' equation with an integral term on the right-hand side. The scheme of 
this method for Burgers' equation is constructed and its validity proven using 
the Computer Algebra System Maple. The proof demonstrates the capability of 
these systems to prove mathematical theorems. Furthermore, the graphical 
solution of the series sample equations is constructed. 

_What is Burgers' equation/why is it useful?_             
_What does that mean?_         
_What does the integral term signify?_

## Notes

Source: Write Applied.pdf         
Building a Draft

1. tentative title
2. sketch of the abstract
3. structure of the results section
4. prepare all the figures
5. write down the content of all of the sections of the body
6. sketch the discussion
7. write down an introduction
8. rewrite discussion and abstract

### Goals of a Paper

- convince the reader that what you are saying is sound
- the reader should understand and appreciate the beauty of the mathematics you
are presenting

### Definitions

- research = the _systematic_ investigation into a and study of _materials and
sources_ in order to establish _facts_ and reach new conclusions.
    - we need a plan, sequential discovery by building on precious discoveries
    - If I have seen further is is by standing on the shoulder of
    giants. --Isaac Newton
- fact = consistent with objective reality or can be proven
- scientific method = falsifiable from evidence
- mathematical proofs = exhaustive reasoning, always true
    - inference rules, axioms, theorems

### Literature Search

- LiteratureSearch.pdf

### Other Notes

- stuff is supposed to be connected to other parts of a paper
- check for internal coherence and stuff
- be scientific 
- main purpose of writing is to communicate
- style of writing mathematical papers: solve old problem with a new method or
new problem with old method
- use a software that can adequately handle mathematical expressions
- abstract in passive voice, present tense
- introduction should contextualize the topic and motivate the reader to read
further
- build on previous research, synthesize questions that have already been
addressed
- in the conclusion your work should be related to other people's findings
should be talked about
- abstract should catch the interest of people that work in your and close
fields
- do not use symbols in the abstract if you can help it, if you use them, use
them more than once
- when he says controversy he means that there should be some revelation
that might not be immediately obvious
- usually less than 200 word limit for abstracts, maybe 300 words or 3000
symbols
- obviously a good understanding of the literature is required to make this
work
- __reasonable amount of creativity creativity__
- get ready to work on difficult, unsolved problems, to be stuck
