# Lecture 31.03.2020

- we're going to get some presentations via webex?
- we are doing screen sharing for sure
- now well so some latex stuff
- __mathpix snipping tool__
    - this software takes pictures of equations and transforms them into latex
    code that we can use in our own latex projects
    - the code can then be copied into any kind of latex or even markdown
    document and then you have the equation without having to type all that
    stuff manually
    - this should make our work a lot easier
    - it can even correctly transcribe large amounts of text that has formulas
    and all that stuff in it
    - Mathpix Snips is an online maths editor that we can use if we want
- __pick any of our files from our computer, put the file there, then share it
with him__
- it worked pretty well 

Questions

1. Is it possible to convert a large file at once (> 100 pages)?
2. Is is possible to properly convert text in different languages?
3. Is it possible to convert hand-written files?
4. Is it possible to convert the obtained file into a `.doc` file?
5. Is it possible to make proper changes to the typesetting of converted
documents?
6. Is it possible to recognize scanned text?

The goal is to provide this software to teachers at a school and university
level and they should have to deal with latex as little as possible. Mathpix
Snip looks like a pretty full-featured markdown and latex editor. It has
support for latex and markdown commands at the same time which could be super
useful.

He wants to create a tutorial for the AUCA community on how to use this service
for what purpose exactly? I'm not quite sure what the purpose of this really
is. Would anyone actually use this program?
