# Lecture 02.04.2020

## Homework

### Questions

1. Convert large files at once?        
I did not see anything about that in the documentation. There is an API for
OCR, but that would require some work that either someone would have to set up
or teachers could not do. The API [costs money](https://mathpix.com/ocr). OCR 
is never perfect -- each page would require work to be made perfect. The API 
[does not support Cyrillic](https://docs.mathpix.com/#vocabulary).
2. Different typesets or scripts?      
The documentation does not contain information about that. Just the basic
markdown and latex font and types are supported. The program does nor recognize
Cyrillic. __Mathpix Snip does support Cyrillic (probably unicode), but the OCR 
does not__
3. Pictures of handwriting?        
It works decently well, but like with any OCR, proof reading will always be
necessary.
4. Create a `.doc` file from the Snips?      
Not directly. PDF download works, then a pdf to doc converter needs to be used.
This will then destroy the formatting and certainly the maths. Equations are
inserted as pictures. This does not work well.
5. Change font size and typesetting in Snips?       
It only provides a [limited range of formatting
options](https://mathpix.com/docs/mathpix-markdown/syntax-reference)
6. Recognize scanned pdfs?      
Yes, it seems to work on decently readable pdfs, but not totally. It cannot
recognize columns in pdfs.

### Is this suitable for teachers?

No.      

- cannot convert multiple things at one unless one pays
- OCR is never perfect and takes a lot of work
- OCR does not support Cyrillic
- handwriting is not error free
- no direct or easy conversion to doc
- limited formatting option in the online editor
- recognition of printed and then scanned documents is sloppy, columns are not
recognized
- Latex or Markdown are not things most people would want to work with if they
are not that computer literate

### Alternatives

Google Docs has decent OCR that could be used and is simpler for all involved

## Notes

- we cannot use multiple OCR programs at once, that is not a good idea at all
- also using different programs -- unless someone puts a ton of work into
integration -- will not be a useable solution
- he shows that the OCR does not work that well and that is takes some time to
work out all the issues that the OCR produces
- even he does not know how to use this flavor of latex-markdown-whatever --
how can he expect anyone to use this stuff
- write down or collect some stuff -- take a photo with a phone and then use
Mathpix ocr with it -- _this is so unnecessary_

## Homework Assignment

1. improve handwriting to make it simpler for the program to recognize
2. put an image into mathpix
3. find good OCR for documents that contains Russian or Kyrgyz
4. put references into a document
5. does it recognize refenreces? 3 different ones
6. can it recognize handwritten links or email addresses?
7. create a 2-3 page file to send by email that has all the elements of a normal
paper 
8. test the formatting recognition -- can it recognize underlined words?
9. equation numbering -- can it be recognized?
